Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/instances.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out how to monitor AWS instances with Wazuh and the several capabilities of the platform that allow it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out how to increase the security of AWS infrastructures by using Wazuh capabilities to monitor AWS instances with Wazuh.
```
